.TH DRAWERCLI-AURORA 1 "April 2026" "drawercli-aurora" "User Commands"

.SH NAME
drawercli-aurora \- launcher drawer generator for Termux Widget

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B drawercli-aurora
.RI [ options ]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B Drawercli (Aurora version)
is a lightweight installer script that extracts user-installed applications
into readable launcher files for use with Termux Widget.

The generated files allow applications to be displayed and launched through
the Termux Widget interface, effectively acting as a simple application drawer.

This tool is designed specifically for use with:
.TP
.B Termux
A terminal emulator and Linux environment for Android.
.TP
.B Termux:Widget
An extension that allows execution of scripts from the home screen widget.

.SH FEATURES
.TP
.B Simple setup
Automatically generates launcher entries for user applications.
.TP
.B Widget integration
Enables launching apps directly from Termux Widget.
.TP
.B Lightweight
Minimal dependencies and fast execution.

.SH OPTIONS
Currently, no command-line options are documented.
Run the command without arguments to execute the default behavior.

.SH USAGE
Run the command:
.PP
.B drawercli-aurora
.PP
This will scan installed applications and generate launcher files
compatible with Termux Widget.

.SH FILES
.TP
.I ~/.shortcuts/
Default directory used by Termux Widget to store executable scripts.

.SH REQUIREMENTS
.TP
.B Termux
Must be installed on the Android device.
.TP
.B Termux:Widget
Required to display and execute generated launcher entries.

.SH AUTHOR
Written by Luis Adha.

.SH REPORTING BUGS
Report issues at:
.br
https://github.com/luisadha/drawercli-aurora/issues

.SH COPYRIGHT
This project is licensed under the terms provided in the repository.

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR termux (1),
.BR termux-widget (1)
